- If we take a closer look at our Maven project,
you'll notice one big problem.
By default, the project is configured to use Java five.
That's not what I'd recommend for a modern Java application.
At a minimum,
we should be using a more recent version like Java eight.
To make that adjustment,
we need to add some configuration into our Palm.XML file
to adjust some properties used by the Maven compiler plugin.
So inside of the Palm,
I'm going to add the properties tag and then within it,
we'll add two other tags that adjust the configuration of
the Maven compiler.
The tag will be named maven.compile.source
and then for the value,
we're going to specify 1.8,
which corresponds with Java eight.
Now there's one more tag we need to add in here.
So let's just go ahead and we'll copy this tag, and then
we'll paste it, and switch over from maven.compiler.source
to maven.compiler.target
Okay.
So that's the configuration we need to switch to Java eight.
Once you have that in place, just right click on the Palm,
go to Maven and then click on update project.
Here within this dialog,
hit okay to proceed with the changes.
Then you'll notice that our project gets updated to use
Java 1.8.
Now this is still a little bit less than ideal.
Really we want to be using something like Java 11,
which is one of the more recent long-term support versions
of Java.
That change is a little bit harder because we'll need to
adjust one of the plugins within our Palm.
Like Gradle, Maven also uses plugins.
Some of them like the compiler or the jar plugin
are included in a project by default.
If we want to see those,
we can click on the effective Palm tag and here I'm just
going to go ahead and search for the compiler plugin.
There you can see it.
It's defined within this plugin tag.
Now currently, we're using version 3.1 of the plugin.
If we want to use Java 11,
this version of the plugin needs to at least be version 3.8
and we need to be running on Maven 3.5 or higher.
So let's go ahead and we'll copy the plugin tag,
and then we'll take that XML over to our
Palm.XML files source.
Here I'm going to add another tag build,
and then inside of that,
I'm going to add the plugins tag where we can add different
plugins for our build.
Then we'll just paste in the XML inside that tag.
Okay. So we won't need these executions.
So I'm just going to go ahead and remove those and then
we'll need to complete the Maven coordinates for this
plugin.
So I'm going to add a group ID within the plugin tag.
Here the group ID is going to be org.apache.maven.plug-ins.
Okay. Now we can go ahead and make the switch
over to version 3.8.1.
So we're up to the standard
we need to run Java 11 in our Maven project.
Now let's just go up to our properties and we can simplify
some of this configuration.
Instead of having two properties,
we now only need a single property.
It's going to be maven.compiler.release.
So let's go ahead and we'll switch the tag.
And then instead of using 1.8,
we can just say 11 for Java 11.
Okay. Now that we have those changes saved to our Palm,
let's go ahead and update the Maven project once again.
So just right click, go to Maven,
then update project and hit okay.
There we go.
That's much better.
Now we're using Java 11.